#summary Wiisis API - Wii Remote Window Tool
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

The Wii Remote Window application is an external tool that lets you play with your Nintendo Wii Remote in a sandbox environment. It can support up to 4 simultaneous Wii Remote connections.

= Features =

This tool has the following features:

  * Connection Status - Reports the status of the Wii Remote connection, up to 4!
  * Battery Status - Reports the status of the batteries in the Wii Remote.
  * Input Status - Reports the status of the buttons on the Wii Remote and the extension.
  * Motion Status - Reports the motion data including its position and orientation for the Wii Remote and its extension.
  * Gesture Status - Reports the starting and ending data of a gesture, including its lifetime.
  * Motion Charts - Real-time flowing chart that shows the progression of the G forces on all three axis. Helpful for when mapping out how to implement a gesture!
  * Data Status - Reports recent data communication with the Wii Remote and allows for reading/writing to/from the Wii Remote.
  * IR Sensor Status - Displays a cursor to show where the Nintendo Wii Remote is pointing.

= Instructions =
 # Launch the application. Allow it to detect how many HID profiles are on the computer. Click OK to continue when all have been found.
 # Connect to a Wii Remote by going to File -> Connect -> Controller Number.
 # Play with the Wii Remote to your heart's content!

= View Menus =
== Controller ==
Hotkey: Ctrl + C
Description: Shows the status of the Wii Remote, its input and motion information.

== Data ==
Hotkey: Ctrl + D
Description: Shows the data transfer status on the Wii Remote.

== Extension ==
Hotkey: Ctrl + E
Description: Shows the status of the extension plugged into the Wii Remote, its input and motion information.

== IR Sensor ==
Hotkey: Ctrl + S
Description: Shows the cursor location of the Wii Remote on the screen.

= Tips =
 * You can turn the Motion Charts on or off through the menu by selecting File -> Update Motion Chart.
 * You can navigate through the many different views by selecting an option from the View menu.